Fix setting nil value for attachments (#2235)
microsoft/appcenter-sdk-apple: CHANGELOG.md

* **[Fix]** Fix `double-quoted` warnings in Xcode 12.

### App Center Crashes

> * **[Fix]** Fix setting `nil` for attachments in the error report.

Reviewer: This description is not clear. Add details that it's a listener and that signature of one method is changed.

> * **[Fix]** Change the API for the `attachmentsWithCrashes` delegate for the opportunity to set attachments value to `nil` before sending.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **[Fix]** Fix nullability for attachments methods in crashes delegate. `nil` is valid return value now (4.0.0 regression).
```
